CASSANDRA-17264 - Content Update, Link fixes (#90)
apache/cassandra-website: site-content/source/modules/ROOT/pages/blog/Join-Cassandra-GSoC-2021.adoc

== How to Get Involved

==== Getting Started

> The best way to get started if you’re new to Apache Cassandra is to get acquainted by reading the https://cassandra.apache.org/doc/latest/[documentation,window=_blank] and setting up a local xref:development/ide.adoc[development environment,window=_blank]. Play around with xref:quickstart.adoc[a locally running instance using Docker,window=_blank] to get a feel for how to use the database. If you run into problems or roadblocks during this exercise, don’t be shy to ask questions via the xref:community.adoc[community channels] like the developers mailto:dev-subscribe@cassandra.apache.org[mailing list] or the #cassandra-dev channel on the https://s.apache.org/slack-invite[ASF Slack,window=_blank].

Reviewer: I'm sorry I made a mistake in my previous review. The URL for `/doc/latest` doesn't need to be hardcoded, just needs the `link:` macro.

```suggestion
The best way to get started if you’re new to Apache Cassandra is to get acquainted by reading the link:/doc/latest/[documentation,window=_blank] and setting up a local xref:development/ide.adoc[development environment,window=_blank]. Play around with xref:quickstart.adoc[a locally running instance using Docker,window=_blank] to get a feel for how to use the database. If you run into problems or roadblocks during this exercise, don’t be shy to ask questions via the xref:community.adoc[community channels] like the developers mailto:dev-subscribe@cassandra.apache.org[mailing list] or the #cassandra-dev channel on the https://s.apache.org/slack-invite[ASF Slack,window=_blank].
```

> The best way to get started if you’re new to Apache Cassandra is to get acquainted by reading the {site-url}doc/latest/[documentation,window=_blank] and setting up a local {site-url}doc/latest/development/ide.html[development environment,window=_blank]. Play around with a locally running instance via {site-url}doc/latest/tools/cqlsh.html?highlight=cqlsh[cqlsh,window=_blank] and {site-url}doc/latest/tools/nodetool/nodetool.html[nodetool,window=_blank] to get a feel for how to use the database. If you run into problems or roadblocks during this exercise, don’t be shy to ask questions via the xref:community.adoc[community channels] like the developers mailto:dev-subscribe@cassandra.apache.org[mailing list] or the #cassandra-dev channel on the https://s.apache.org/slack-invite[ASF Slack,window=_blank].

Reviewer: The links with relative paths aren't working so I've had to hardcode one of them and update the others.

**EDIT:** Hardcoding not required, works with `link:` macro.

```suggestion
The best way to get started if you’re new to Apache Cassandra is to get acquainted by reading the link:/doc/latest/[documentation,window=_blank] and setting up a local xref:development/ide.adoc[development environment,window=_blank]. Play around with xref:quickstart.adoc[a locally running instance using Docker,window=_blank] to get a feel for how to use the database. If you run into problems or roadblocks during this exercise, don’t be shy to ask questions via the xref:community.adoc[community channels] like the developers mailto:dev-subscribe@cassandra.apache.org[mailing list] or the #cassandra-dev channel on the https://s.apache.org/slack-invite[ASF Slack,window=_blank].
```
